right now we're at the 2013 Solomon
suunto athlete summit for here in
beautiful ogden utah it's been a great
time so far i'm new to the team so this
is so everything is doing what a great
family to be a part of this is the first
time to my knowledge that Solomon's ever
brought all of the athletes together in
the US I think it's it's very special
because I mean I've always known that we
have a great team but I've never been
able to meet all of them at one time
face to face and so I you know I get to
actually see who I'm running with
around the country and around the globe
I just enjoyed seeing with what's coming
up with coming out Solomon already had
some great products and seeing what's
coming down the pipe it's a really
fantastic and just hearing about all the
technology that's going into everything
and really looking forward to what's
coming next and everyone else should be
too yeah this is Greg my third year with
the team and I kind of thought in my
head all along is he cool the guy were
going together they got people from all
corners of the country here and laundry
faces and I'm really happy that Adam and
Josh put this together good times
as I've said before they sometimes come
up with some really crazy stuff that
that never ever hits the market and then
they sometimes you know come up with
something that revolutionizes a sport so
it's fun to be a part of a company that
you know that's pushing the envelope
that much